.TH SDOP 1
.SH NAME
SDoP - a Simple DocBook Processor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sdop [options] [source file]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.rs
.sp
\fBsdop\fP reads DocBook XML input, processes it into page images, and writes
the result as PostScript. This can be turned into PDF using an application such
as \fBps2pdf\fP. SDoP is "simple" because (a) it does not check that the input
conforms to the DTD, and (b) it supports only a simple subset of DocBook
features. If no source file is given, the standard input is read.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.rs
.TP 10
\fB-d\fP
Produce debugging output. Adding \fB+all\fP generates voluminous output; some 
other words can be used to generate subsets of this.
.TP
\fB-help\fP
List the available options.
.TP
\fB-o\fP \fI<output file>\fP
Specify an output file. To specify the standard output, use "-". The default is
to replace the input file's extension with ".ps", or to write to the standard
output if the input is the standard input.
.TP
\fB-p\fP \fI<pagelist>\fP
Output only the given pages, counting from the start of the body of the
document, that is, after the front matter and preface(s), if any. Page numbers
in the list are comma-separated, and ranges can be given using a hyphen.
.TP
\fB-pf\fP \fI<pagelist>\fP
Output only the given pages from the front matter, counting from the very first
page of the document. Page numbers in the list are comma-separated, and ranges
can be given using a hyphen.
.TP
\fB-q\fP
Suppress warnings for unsupported DocBook features (which are ignored). This 
overrides any setting in the input file.
.TP
\fB-qc\fP
Suppress warnings for unsupported characters. This overrides any setting in the
input file.
.TP
\fB-S\fP \fI<colon-separated directory list>\fP
The given directories are searched in order for SDoP's shared data files,
before searching the installed directory (usually \fI/usr/local/share/sdop\fP).
This overrides any setting in an SDOP_SHARE environment variable.
.TP
\fB-w\fP
Do not suppress warnings for unsupported DocBook features (which are ignored).
This overrides any setting in the input file.
.TP
\fB-wc\fP
Do not suppress warnings for unsupported characters. This overrides any setting
in the input file.
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Show SDoP's version and list any optional facilities that this implementation 
supports.
.P
A page list for \fB-p\fP (but not for \fB-pf\fP) may include ``odd'' or 
``even'', to further restrict which pages are output. If you want only odd or 
even pages from the frontmatter, you can use, for example, \fB-p odd\fP with an 
appropriate \fB-pf\fP setting.
.
.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.rs
.sp
The environment variable SDOP_SHARE may be set to a colon-separated list of 
directories. These are searched in order for SDoP's shared data files, before 
searching the installed directory (usually \fI/usr/local/share/sdop\fP). The 
\fB-S\fP option can be used to override SDOP_SHARE.
.
.
.SH "FURTHER INFORMATION"
.rs
.sp
The SDoP manual gives a full description of the program and the features that 
it provides.
.
.
.SH "DIAGNOSTICS AND RETURN CODES"
.rs
.sp
Error messages are written to the standard error stream. The return code is 0 
for success, and 1 if there have been any diagnostics more serious than a 
warning.
.
.
.SH AUTHOR
.rs
.sp
.nf
Philip Hazel
Cambridge, England.
.fi
.
.
.SH REVISION
.rs
.sp
.nf
Last updated: 21 July 2009
Copyright (c) 2009 Philip Hazel
.fi
