<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN" "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd">
<?sdop toc_sections="no"?>

<book>

<chapter>
<title>Introduction</title>
<para>
This is some leading text.
<mediaobject>

<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps1.eps" format="EPS"/>
</imageobject>

<textobject>
<para>
This is substitute text for the object.
</para>
</textobject>

<textobject>
<para>
This text should never be seen.
</para>
</textobject>

</mediaobject>
</para>


<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps2.eps"/>
</imageobject>
<textobject>
<para>
This is substitute text for the object.
</para>
</textobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps3.eps" format="EPS" depth="160"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps3.eps" format="EPS" depth="160" align="centre"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps3.eps" format="EPS" depth="160" align="right"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps3.eps" format="EPS" depth="160" scale="50"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps3.eps" format="EPS" depth="160" scalefit="1"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps3.eps" format="EPS" width="160" scalefit="1"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps1.eps" format="EPS" scalefit="1"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

<para>
<mediaobject>
<imageobject>
<imagedata fileref="eps1.eps" format="EPS" width="450" depth="110" scalefit="1"/>
</imageobject>
</mediaobject>
</para>

<para>
This is a paragraph of normal text. Several of them will be used to fill up the 
page and ensure that the next media object is pushed onto the following page. 
This is a check that we are getting the depth of the object correct. The quick 
brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
</para>

</chapter>
</book>
